oh and welcome to your fifth minecraft
modeling tutorial for Minecraft one
point two point five this is like I 1121
and let's go ahead and get started so in
the last tutorial I talk to you guys
about how to add a new smelting recipe
and that was a pretty easy tutorial and
this one all again be a pretty easy
tutorial I'm going to teach you guys how
to add a new item to Minecraft now the
main difficult part of adding a new item
to Minecraft is creating texture because
generally you want a good texture for a
good mod now in this tutorial I'm going
to just go ahead and use a texture that
I made again from my underground bunkers
mod um and I will not put this in a
download link in the description um like
I did with the last one just for fear of
copying and all that so you can use any
16 by 16 image and I'll cover making
textures in another tutorial but yeah
I'm going to use this one and so of
course the first thing I need to do is
locate it in finder and just go ahead
and drag it in here and then copy files
okay and there we go we have the image
right here okay so to add the new item
it's pretty prilly it's really easy all
you need to do is public static final
item instead of block let's call this
tutorial tutorial item equals new item
and then your item ID this can be a high
number i'm just going to make this two
thousand and then yes that's all you
need for your new item and then close
that off oh and you also need dot set
item name and this will be tutorial item
all right
so that's pretty easy um then we just
need to go in here and do modloader oops
spell that right look letter dot add
name and this is tutorial item and then
tutorial item yay then we need to go
ahead and do tutorial i dot icon index
equals modloader dot add override and
then here you need / GUI / items shot
PNG and then the name of your texture
this is just going to be poor podium
ingot PNG it's the name of mine this is
items so let's go ahead and run this if
we have any errors and we don't let's go
into creative mode and here is our new
item so that was really easy now um just
to finish off the tutorial I'm just
going to make this instead of creating
an item it'll just create Couture real
item and it'll create 64 because we all
know that's not overpowered so as this
is smelting that's stupid cows be quiet
be quiet be quiet
and there we go we have tutorial item
alright so um thank you for watching
this tutorial in the next tutorial I'll
probably talk about adding a new food um
and so off you guys next time bye